docs(release-notes): Agents release notes for June 15, 2026 (#79712)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/agents/readme.md

# Airbyte Agents release notes

## June 15, 2026

Web app

- You can now switch between workspaces and create new ones directly from the sidebar without leaving your current page.

> - Connector credentials now show "Paused" and "Re-enabling" status indicators for the Context Store, so you can see at a glance when data indexing is temporarily inactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Connectors page now shows "Paused" and "Re-enabling" status indicators for the Context Store, so you can see at a glance when data indexing is temporarily inactive.
```

- Connectors that only support direct requests now clearly indicate that the Context Store is not available, instead of showing irrelevant status information.

> - Fixed an issue where browsing connector templates could fail when some connectors had intermittent backend errors.

Reviewer: Connector templates isn't a concept we expose publicly. What is the real meaning of this to users?
